Providing a concise overview of the existing research landscape to contextualize the current study. 
Position emission tomography has been used increasingly in the clinical setting to provide metabolic data on cancer and additional processes.
Every year a significant number of patients undergo medical procedures for the repair of site-specific bone traumas including nonunion fractures as well as bone abnormalities arising from musculo-skeletal diseases such as osteogenesis imperfecta. 
However, further investigations are required in order to better understand the mechanisms of ISMS action and its effective spread in the spinal cord. 
A consensus statement on physical activity among people with disabilities, by a multidisciplinary panel of experts, report that inactivity may occur disproportionately among people with disabilities in comparison to the general population. 
Previous research on OO design metrics has shown some of them to be useful for predicting the fault-proneness of classes (R). 
Some recent studies (R) found strong correspondences between the diagnosis of CJD and the detection of signal abnormality in the deep grey matter.
Nevertheless, a significant drawback of the laminar prostheses is their inability to become integrated within the host tissue leading to low tensile strength, placing the prosthesis at a disadvantage with respect to the reticular mess type(R). 
However, whether If may favor spontaneous diastolic depolarization in individual human atrial myocytes remains to be determined (R). 
Therefore, it is necessary to further explore the advantages of computer aided diagnosis (CAD) techniques in the MRI clinical environment.
Therefore, there is a pressing need for devising ways to quantify the gait performance so that their overall performance can be quantified and monitored as a result of treatments.
The objective of this study was to develop and validate a numerical model for simulating the flow inside a sac-type pulsating VAD. 
The biomechanics of the TCP and its efficiency in achieving continence were evaluated in vitro using isolated porcine and canals. 
In this study, we present an integrated system that incorporates SENC to detect tissue abnormalities based on stiffness. 
NOA61 polyurethane has historically been used as an optical adhesive and was chosen for our studies based on the limited toxicity to corneal epithelial cells and the material properties, allowing for consistent replication of nanosized features. 
However, further investigations are required in order to better understand the mechanisms of ISMS action and its effective spread in the spinal cord. 
